Added headers to http credentials provider (#139)
trinodb/aws-proxy: README.md

    
# try spark sql commands
```

## Module Configurations

### HTTP Credentials Provider

> The HTTP credentials provider provides an option of adding headers while sending the request to the HTTP service. The header property - `credentials-provider.http.headers` is configured as a comma separated list of values. If the header key/ value should contain  commas, then the comma is represented as `,,`. Eg: The header config property - `"x-api-key: xyz,,123, Authorization: key,,,,123"` corresponds to `"x-api-key: xyz,123, Authorization: key,,123"`while sending the HTTP request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP credentials provider provides an option to include additional headers on requests sent to the HTTP service (e.g., for authentication).

These can be configured with `credentials-provider.http.headers`. This config entry is formatted as a comma-separated list of header names and values, where each entry is in the format `header-name:header-value`.

For instance, `header1:value1,header2:value2`.
If a header name or value should contain a comma, these can be escaped by doubling them (`,,` translates to a single comma in the literal header name or value, and is not treated as a separator).

E.g.: setting this config property to `"x-api-key: xyz,,123, Authorization: key,,,,123"` results in 2 headers:
- `x-api-key`: with value `xyz,123`
- `Authorization`: with value `key,,123`

```
